["mv_title Moonlight (2016)  mv_title  Moonlight uses one man's story to offer a remarkable and brilliantly crafted look at lives too rarely seen in cinema.  ", "mv_title Arrival (2016)  mv_title  Arrival delivers a must-see experience for fans of thinking person's sci-fi that anchors its heady themes with genuinely affecting emotion and a terrific performance from Amy Adams.  ", "mv_title Manchester by the Sea (2016)  mv_title  Manchester by the Sea delivers affecting drama populated by full-bodied characters, marking another strong step forward for writer-director Kenneth Lonergan.  ", "mv_title La La Land (2016)  mv_title  La La Land breathes new life into a bygone genre with thrillingly assured direction, powerful performances, and an irresistible excess of heart.  ", "mv_title Zootopia (2016)  mv_title  The brilliantly well-rounded Zootopia offers a thoughtful, inclusive message that's as rich and timely as its sumptuously state-of-the-art animation - all while remaining fast and funny enough to keep younger viewers entertained.  ", "mv_title Hell or High Water (2016)  mv_title  Hell or High Water offers a solidly crafted, well-acted Western heist thriller that eschews mindless gunplay in favor of confident pacing and full-bodied characters.  ", "mv_title Finding Dory (2016)  mv_title  Funny, poignant, and thought-provoking, Finding Dory delivers a beautifully animated adventure that adds another entertaining chapter to its predecessor's classic story.  ", "mv_title Captain America: Civil War (2016)  mv_title  Captain America: Civil War begins the next wave of Marvel movies with an action-packed superhero blockbuster boasting a decidedly non-cartoonish plot and the courage to explore thought-provoking themes.  ", "mv_title The Jungle Book (2016)  mv_title  As lovely to behold as it is engrossing to watch, The Jungle Book is the rare remake that actually improves upon its predecessors - all while setting a new standard for CGI.  ", "mv_title Paterson (2016)  mv_title  Paterson adds another refreshingly unvarnished entry to Jim Jarmusch's filmography - and another outstanding performance to Adam Driver's career credits.  ", "mv_title Moana (2016)  mv_title  With a title character as three-dimensional as its lush animation and a story that adds fresh depth to Disney's time-tested formula, Moana is truly a family-friendly adventure for the ages.  ", "mv_title Kubo and the Two Strings (2016)  mv_title  Kubo and the Two Strings matches its incredible animation with an absorbing - and bravely melancholy - story that has something to offer audiences of all ages.  ", "mv_title Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016)  mv_title  The charmingly offbeat Hunt for the Wilderpeople unites a solid cast, a talented filmmaker, and a poignant, funny, deeply affecting message.  ", "mv_title Things to Come (2016)  mv_title  A union to cherish between a writer-director and star working at peak power, Things to Come offers quietly profound observations on life, love, and the irrevocable passage of time.  ", "mv_title Doctor Strange (2016)  mv_title  Doctor Strange artfully balances its outré source material against the blockbuster constraints of the MCU, delivering a thoroughly entertaining superhero origin story in the bargain.  ", "mv_title Love & Friendship (2016)  mv_title  Love & Friendship finds director Whit Stillman bringing his talents to bear on a Jane Austen adaptation - with a thoroughly delightful period drama as the result.  ", "mv_title The Nice Guys (2016)  mv_title  The Nice Guys hearkens back to the buddy comedies of a bygone era while adding something extra courtesy of a knowing script and the irresistible chemistry of its leads.  ", "mv_title Weiner (2016)  mv_title  Weiner uses sharp insight and untrammeled access to offer a portrait of a political and personal collapse that's as queasy as it is undeniably compelling.  ", "mv_title The Handmaiden (2016)  mv_title  The Handmaiden uses a Victorian crime novel as the loose inspiration for another visually sumptuous and absorbingly idiosyncratic outing from director Park Chan-wook.  ", "mv_title Eye in the Sky (2015)  mv_title  As taut as it is timely, Eye in the Sky offers a powerfully acted - and unusually cerebral - spin on the modern wartime political thriller.  ", "mv_title The Witch (2015)  mv_title  As thought-provoking as it is visually compelling, The Witch delivers a deeply unsettling exercise in slow-building horror that suggests great things for debuting writer-director Robert Eggers.  ", "mv_title Sing Street (2016)  mv_title  Sing Street is a feel-good musical with huge heart and irresistible optimism, and its charmimg cast and hummable tunes help to elevate its familiar plotting.  ", "mv_title Don't Think Twice (2016)  mv_title  Don't Think Twice offers a bittersweet look at the comedian's life that's as genuinely moving as it is laugh-out-loud funny - and a brilliant calling card for writer-director Mike Birbiglia.  ", "mv_title Cameraperson (2016)  mv_title  Fresh and inventive yet immediately accessible, Cameraperson distills its subject's life and career into an experience that should prove immediately absorbing even for those unfamiliar with her work.  ", "mv_title Fences (2016)  mv_title  From its reunited Broadway stars to its screenplay, the solidly crafted Fences finds its Pulitzer-winning source material fundamentally unchanged - and still just as powerful.  ", "mv_title 10 Cloverfield Lane (2016)  mv_title  Smart, solidly crafted, and palpably tense, 10 Cloverfield Lane makes the most of its confined setting and outstanding cast - and suggests a new frontier for franchise filmmaking.  ", "mv_title Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (2016)  mv_title  Rogue One draws deep on Star Wars mythology while breaking new narrative and aesthetic ground - and suggesting a bright blockbuster future for the franchise.  ", "mv_title Tower (2016)  mv_title  Tower probes into a painful chapter of American history with sensitivity and grace - and revisits its events from a valuable new perspective.  ", "mv_title Toni Erdmann (2016)  mv_title  Toni Erdmann pairs carefully constructed, three-dimensional characters in a tenderly funny character study that's both genuinely moving and impressively ambitious.  ", "mv_title The Edge of Seventeen (2016)  mv_title  The Edge of Seventeen's sharp script - and Hailee Steinfeld's outstanding lead performance - make this more than just another coming-of-age dramedy.  ", "mv_title Little Men (2016)  mv_title  Little Men takes a compassionate look at the ways in which adult problems impact childhood friendships - and offers another affecting New York drama from director Ira Sachs.  ", "mv_title Under the Shadow (2016)  mv_title  Under the Shadow deftly blends seemingly disparate genres to deliver an effective chiller with timely themes and thought-provoking social subtext.  ", "mv_title The Wailing (2016)  mv_title  The Wailing delivers an atmospheric, cleverly constructed mystery whose supernatural thrills more than justify its imposing length.  ", "mv_title Embrace of the Serpent (2015)  mv_title  As rich visually as it is thematically, Embrace of the Serpent offers a feast of the senses for film fans seeking a dose of bracing originality.  ", "mv_title O.J.: Made in America (2016)  mv_title  O.J.: Made in America paints a balanced and thorough portrait of the American dream juxtaposed with tragedy and executed with power and skill.  ", "mv_title The Age of Shadows (2016)  mv_title  The Age of Shadows justifies its imposing length with a richly detailed period drama whose sprawling size is matched by strong acting, impressive craft, and narrative depth.  ", "mv_title Jackie (2016)  mv_title  Jackie offers an alluring peek into a beloved American public figure's private world - and an enthralling starring performance from Natalie Portman in the bargain.  ", "mv_title Queen of Katwe (2016)  mv_title  Queen of Katwe is a feel-good movie of uncommon smarts and passion, and outstanding performances by Lupita Nyong'o and David Oyelowo help to elevate the film past its cliches.  ", "mv_title Fireworks Wednesday (2006)  mv_title  Well-written and powerfully acted, Fireworks Wednesday gives audiences an early, assured glimpse of writer-director Asghar Farhadi's emerging talent.  ", "mv_title Aquarius (2016)  mv_title  Led by a powerful performance from Sônia Braga, Aquarius uses a conflict between a tenant and developers to take an insightful look at the relationship between space and identity.  ", "mv_title 13TH (2016)  mv_title  13th strikes at the heart of America's tangled racial history, offering observations as incendiary as they are calmly controlled.  ", "mv_title Elle (2016)  mv_title  Elle finds director Paul Verhoeven operating at peak power - and benefiting from a typically outstanding performance from Isabelle Huppert in the central role.  ", "mv_title The Fits (2015)  mv_title  As gripping as it is unique, the thrillingly kinetic The Fits marks debuting writer-director Anna Rose Holmer as a singular talent.  ", "mv_title Loving (2016)  mv_title  Loving takes an understated approach to telling a painful - and still relevant - real-life tale, with sensitive performances breathing additional life into a superlative historical drama.  ", "mv_title The Beatles: Eight Days a Week - The Touring Years (2016)  mv_title  We love them, yeah, yeah, yeah - and with archival footage like that, you know The Beatles: Eight Days a Week - The Touring Years can't be bad.  ", "mv_title Hail, Caesar! (2016)  mv_title  Packed with period detail and perfectly cast, Hail, Caesar! finds the Coen brothers delivering an agreeably lightweight love letter to post-war Hollywood.  ", "mv_title Long Way North (2015)  mv_title  Smart and refreshingly free of sentimentality, Long Way North takes viewers on a beautifully animated adventure grounded in fully realized characters and genuine emotion.  ", "mv_title Green Room (2015)  mv_title  Green Room delivers unapologetic genre thrills with uncommon intelligence and powerfully acted élan.  ", "mv_title Certain Women (2016)  mv_title  Certain Women further demonstrates writer-director Kelly Reichardt's gift for telling the stories of ordinary people with uncommon empathy and skill.  ", "mv_title Crocodile Gennadiy (2015)  mv_title  Almost Holy offers a close-up look at a fascinating figure whose controversial work and extraordinary story pack the narrative punch of a well-written drama.  ", "mv_title Aferim! (2015)  mv_title  Smart, visually arresting, and scathingly funny, Aferim! depicts a world that many American filmgoers have never seen - but will still, in many respects, find utterly familiar.  ", "mv_title The Innocents (2016)  mv_title  The Innocents isn't always easy to watch, but its nuanced exploration of complex themes - and its refreshing perspective - are well worth the effort.  ", "mv_title Sully (2016)  mv_title  As comfortingly workmanlike as its protagonist, Sully makes solid use of typically superlative work from its star and director to deliver a quietly stirring tribute to an everyday hero.  ", "mv_title Deadpool (2016)  mv_title  Fast, funny, and gleefully profane, the fourth-wall-busting Deadpool subverts superhero film formula with wildly entertaining - and decidedly non-family-friendly - results.  ", "mv_title The Love Witch (2016)  mv_title  The Love Witch offers an absorbing visual homage to a bygone era, arranged subtly in service of a thought-provoking meditation on the battle of the sexes.  ", "mv_title The Dark Horse (2014)  mv_title  Led by an outstanding performance from Cliff Curtis, The Dark Horse tackles complex themes with a richly layered, unpredictable, and deeply affecting story.  ", "mv_title Gimme Danger (2016)  mv_title  Its infectious enthusiasm for its subjects - and Iggy Pop's ingratiating presence - more than make up for the effortlessly entertaining Gimme Danger's relative lack of context or depth.  ", "mv_title Marguerite (2015)  mv_title  Touching, funny, and thoughtful, Marguerite honors its real-life inspiration with a well-acted and ultimately inspirational look at the nature of art and the value of a dream.  ", "mv_title Neruda (2016)  mv_title  Inventive, intelligent, and beautifully filmed, Neruda transcends the traditional biopic structure to look at the meaning beyond the details of its subject's life.  ", "mv_title Rams (2015)  mv_title  Rams transcends its remote location - and somewhat esoteric storyline - by using the easily relatable dynamic between two stubborn brothers to speak universal truths.  ", "mv_title Cemetery of Splendor (2015)  mv_title  Cemetery of Splendor gracefully eludes efforts to pin down its meaning while offering patient viewers another gently hypnotic wonder from writer/director Apichatpong Weerasethakul.  ", "mv_title Dark Horse (2015)  mv_title  Dark Horse offers a thoroughly crowd-pleasing look at an incredible - and inspirational - real-life story that will thrill equine enthusiasts and novices alike.  ", "mv_title April and the Extraordinary World (2015)  mv_title  Bursting with a colorful imagination befitting its promise-packed title, April and the Extraordinary World offers spectacular delights for animation fans willing to venture off the beaten path.  ", "mv_title Little Sister (2015)  mv_title  Our Little Sister uses the story of one fractured family to offer universal - and deeply moving - observations on the human condition.  ", "mv_title Star Trek Beyond (2016)  mv_title  Star Trek Beyond continues the franchise's post-reboot hot streak with an epic sci-fi adventure that honors the series' sci-fi roots without skimping on the blockbuster action.  ", "mv_title Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World (2016)  mv_title  Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World finds Werner Herzog bringing his distinctive documentarian gifts to bear on a timely topic with typically thought-provoking results.  ", "mv_title Fire at Sea (2016)  mv_title  Fire at Sea offers a clear-eyed yet empathetic look at a corner of the world whose terrain may be unfamiliar to many, but whose people's story remains universal.  ", "mv_title Train to Busan (2016)  mv_title  Train to Busan delivers a thrillingly unique - and purely entertaining - take on the zombie genre, with fully realized characters and plenty of social commentary to underscore the bursts of skillfully staged action.  ", "mv_title Life, Animated (2016)  mv_title  Life, Animated offers a heartwarming look at one family's journey, and a fascinating message that's more than enough to outweigh its unanswered questions.  ", "mv_title Gleason (2016)  mv_title  Gleason stands out among sports-themed documentaries by offering a clear-eyed look at its subject's physical deterioration - and an intimate portrait of the family affected by his ordeal.  ", "mv_title Tickled (2016)  mv_title  Tickled uses an investigation into a silly-seeming subculture as the launching point for thought-provoking insights into online bullying and the destructive abilities of the internet.  ", "mv_title Southside With You (2016)  mv_title  Southside With You looks back on a fateful real-life date with strong performances and engaging dialogue, adding up to a romance that makes for a pretty good date movie in its own right.  ", "mv_title De Palma (2015)  mv_title  De Palma may not make believers out of the director's detractors, but they'll likely share longtime fans' fascination with his career's worth of entertaining stories.  ", "mv_title The Eagle Huntress (2016)  mv_title  Effectively stirring and bolstered by thrilling visuals, The Eagle Huntress uses its heartwarming message to fill up a feature that might have made for an even more powerful short film.  ", "mv_title Pete's Dragon (2016)  mv_title  Pete's Dragon continues Disney's current live-action winning streak with an update that gives the original a visual overhaul without overwhelming its sweet, soulful charm.  ", "mv_title Krisha (2015)  mv_title  Raw, bracingly honest, and refreshingly unconventional, Krisha wrings fresh - and occasionally uncomfortable - truths from a seemingly familiar premise.  ", "mv_title The Lobster (2015)  mv_title  As strange as it is thrillingly ambitious, The Lobster is definitely an acquired taste - but for viewers with the fortitude to crack through Yorgos Lanthimos' offbeat sensibilities, it should prove a savory cinematic treat.  ", "mv_title Don't Breathe (2016)  mv_title  Don't Breathe smartly twists its sturdy premise to offer a satisfyingly tense, chilling addition to the home invasion genre that's all the more effective for its simplicity.  ", "mv_title Everybody Wants Some!! (2016)  mv_title  Nostalgic in the best sense, Everybody Wants Some!! finds Richard Linklater ambling through the past with a talented cast, a sweetly meandering story, and a killer classic rock soundtrack.  ", "mv_title The Little Prince (2015)  mv_title  Beautifully animated and faithful to the spirit of its classic source material, The Little Prince is a family-friendly treat that anchors thrilling visuals with a satisfying story.  ", "mv_title Florence Foster Jenkins (2016)  mv_title  Florence Foster Jenkins makes poignant, crowd-pleasing dramedy out of its stranger-than-fiction tale - and does its subject justice with a reliably terrific turn from star Meryl Streep.  ", "mv_title A Bigger Splash (2015)  mv_title  Absorbing, visually arresting, and powerfully acted by an immensely talented cast, A Bigger Splash offers sumptuously soapy delights for fans of psychological adult drama.  ", "mv_title Being 17 (2016)  mv_title  Being 17 rides the roiling emotions of adolescence through a coming-of-age melodrama whose narrative turbulence smartly reflects the confusion of its protagonists.  ", "mv_title Command and Control (2016)  mv_title  Command and Control takes a riveting look at the American nuclear program that offers some disturbing insights - and raises some immensely troubling questions.  ", "mv_title Notes on Blindness (2016)  mv_title  Notes on Blindness traces one man's difficult journey and emerges with a reflection on the human condition that's as uplifting and edifying as it is simply moving.  ", "mv_title Nuts! (2016)  mv_title  Nuts! lives up to its title in the best way, offering a delightfully unorthodox look at a bizarre - and largely unexplored - chapter in American history.  ", "mv_title A Man Called Ove (2015)  mv_title  A Man Called Ove's winsome sincerity - and Rolf Lassgård's affectingly flinty performance in the title role - keep it from succumbing to excess sentimentality.  ", "mv_title The Last Man on the Moon (2014)  mv_title  The Last Man on the Moon takes a justifiably reverent look at a largely unexplored chapter in the history of American space exploration - and a side of astronaut's lives that's rarely considered.  ", "mv_title Hacksaw Ridge (2016)  mv_title  Hacksaw Ridge uses a real-life pacifist's legacy to lay the groundwork for a gripping wartime tribute to faith, valor, and the courage of remaining true to one's convictions.  ", "mv_title Miss Hokusai (2015)  mv_title  Miss Hokusai illuminates the life and creative legacy of its brilliant subject with a beautifully animated biopic whose absorbing visuals are matched by its narrative grace.  ", "mv_title I Am Not a Serial Killer (2016)  mv_title  I Am Not A Serial Killer honors the book it's based on with a well-acted drama that leavens its gore and dark themes with wry humor.  ", "mv_title Lion (2016)  mv_title  Lion's undeniably uplifting story and talented cast make it a moving journey that transcends the typical cliches of its genre.  ", "mv_title Eat That Question: Frank Zappa in His Own Words (2016)  mv_title  Eat That Question: Frank Zappa in His Own Words offers an illuminating primer for Zappa novices as well as an entertaining retrospective for diehard fans.  ", "mv_title Zero Days (2016)  mv_title  Factors beyond Gibney's control prevent Zero Days from offering a comprehensive look at its subject, but the partial picture that emerges remains as frightening as it is impossible to ignore.  ", "mv_title Demon (2015)  mv_title  Ambitious and beautifully shot, Demon delivers a gripping - and sadly final - testament to the singular talent possessed by director/co-writer Marcin Wrona.  ", "mv_title Sand Storm (2016)  mv_title  Sand Storm marks an impressive first feature for debuting writer-director Elite Zexer that offers a perceptive - and crucial - look at patriarchal traditions.  ", "mv_title Hush (2016)  mv_title  Hush navigates the bloody waters of home invasion thrillers and incisive slashers for a contemporary horror puree.  ", "mv_title The Measure of a Man (2015)  mv_title  With The Measure of a Man, director/co-writer Stéphane Brizé uses one man's heartrending story as a beautifully acted microcosm for life in the 21st-century global economy.  ", "mv_title Kung Fu Panda 3 (2016)  mv_title  Kung Fu Panda 3 boasts the requisite visual splendor, but like its rotund protagonist, this sequel's narrative is also surprisingly nimble, adding up to animated fun for the whole family.  ", "mv_title Microbe and Gasoline (2015)  mv_title  Microbe and Gasoline brings Michel Gondry's distinctive gifts to bear on an oft-told tale, with thoroughly charming results.  ", "mv_title Lady Bird (2017)  mv_title  Lady Bird delivers fresh insights about the turmoil of adolescence - and reveals writer-director Greta Gerwig as a fully formed filmmaking talent.  ", "mv_title Get Out (2017)  mv_title  Funny, scary, and thought-provoking, Get Out seamlessly weaves its trenchant social critiques into a brilliantly effective and entertaining horror/comedy thrill ride.  ", "mv_title Wonder Woman (2017)  mv_title  Thrilling, earnest, and buoyed by Gal Gadot's charismatic performance, Wonder Woman succeeds in spectacular fashion.  ", "mv_title Dunkirk (2017)  mv_title  Dunkirk serves up emotionally satisfying spectacle, delivered by a writer-director in full command of his craft and brought to life by a gifted ensemble cast that honors the fact-based story.  ", "mv_title Coco (2017)  mv_title  Coco's rich visual pleasures are matched by a thoughtful narrative that takes a family-friendly - and deeply affecting - approach to questions of culture, family, life, and death.  ", "mv_title The Shape of Water (2017)  mv_title  The Shape of Water finds Guillermo del Toro at his visually distinctive best - and matched by an emotionally absorbing story brought to life by a stellar Sally Hawkins performance.  ", "mv_title Thor: Ragnarok (2017)  mv_title  Exciting, funny, and above all fun, Thor: Ragnarok is a colorful cosmic adventure that sets a new standard for its franchise - and the rest of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  ", "mv_title Logan (2017)  mv_title  Hugh Jackman makes the most of his final outing as Wolverine with a gritty, nuanced performance in a violent but surprisingly thoughtful superhero action film that defies genre conventions.  ", "mv_title The Big Sick (2017)  mv_title  Funny, heartfelt, and intelligent, The Big Sick uses its appealing leads and cross-cultural themes to prove the standard romcom formula still has some fresh angles left to explore.  ", "mv_title Star Wars: The Last Jedi (2017)  mv_title  Star Wars: The Last Jedi honors the saga's rich legacy while adding some surprising twists - and delivering all the emotion-rich action fans could hope for.  ", "mv_title The Florida Project (2017)  mv_title  The Florida Project offers a colorfully empathetic look at an underrepresented part of the population that proves absorbing even as it raises sobering questions about modern America.  ", "mv_title War for the Planet of the Apes (2017)  mv_title  War for the Planet of the Apes combines breathtaking special effects and a powerful, poignant narrative to conclude this rebooted trilogy on a powerful - and truly blockbuster - note.  ", "mv_title Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017)  mv_title  Spider-Man: Homecoming does whatever a second reboot can, delivering a colorful, fun adventure that fits snugly in the sprawling MCU without getting bogged down in franchise-building.  ", "mv_title Baby Driver (2017)  mv_title  Stylish, exciting, and fueled by a killer soundtrack, Baby Driver hits the road and it's gone - proving fast-paced action movies can be smartly written without sacrificing thrills.  ", "mv_title Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017)  mv_title  Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri deftly balances black comedy against searing drama - and draws unforgettable performances from its veteran cast along the way.  ", "mv_title I Am Not Your Negro (2016)  mv_title  I Am Not Your Negro offers an incendiary snapshot of James Baldwin's crucial observations on American race relations - and a sobering reminder of how far we've yet to go.  ", "mv_title Blade Runner 2049 (2017)  mv_title  Visually stunning and narratively satisfying, Blade Runner 2049 deepens and expands its predecessor's story while standing as an impressive filmmaking achievement in its own right.  ", "mv_title Hidden Figures (2016)  mv_title  In heartwarming, crowd-pleasing fashion, Hidden Figures celebrates overlooked - and crucial - contributions from a pivotal moment in American history.  ", "mv_title The Disaster Artist (2017)  mv_title  Oh, hai Mark. The Disaster Artist is a surprisingly poignant and charming movie-about-a-movie that explores the creative process with unexpected delicacy.  ", "mv_title Mudbound (2017)  mv_title  Mudbound offers a well-acted, finely detailed snapshot of American history whose scenes of rural class struggle resonate far beyond their period setting.  ", "mv_title Faces Places (2017)  mv_title  Equal parts breezily charming and poignantly powerful, Faces Places is a unique cross-generational portrait of life in rural France from the great Agnès Varda.  ", "mv_title My Life as a Zucchini (2016)  mv_title  My Life as a Zucchini's silly title and adorable characters belie a sober story whose colorful visuals delight the senses even as it braves dark emotional depths.  ", "mv_title Logan Lucky (2017)  mv_title  High-octane fun that's smartly assembled without putting on airs, Logan Lucky marks a welcome end to Steven Soderbergh's retirement - and proves he hasn't lost his ability to entertain.  ", "mv_title The Salesman (2016)  mv_title  The Salesman takes an ambitiously complex look at thought-provoking themes, and the well-acted results prove another consistently absorbing entry in writer-director Asghar Farhadi's distinguished filmography.  ", "mv_title The LEGO Batman Movie (2017)  mv_title  The Lego Batman Movie continues its block-buster franchise's winning streak with another round of dizzyingly funny - and beautifully animated - family-friendly mayhem.  ", "mv_title Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017)  mv_title  Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2's action-packed plot, dazzling visuals, and irreverent humor add up to a sequel that's almost as fun - if not quite as thrillingly fresh - as its predecessor.  ", "mv_title BPM (Beats Per Minute) (2017)  mv_title  Moving without resorting to melodrama, BPM offers an engrossing look at a pivotal period in history that lingers long after the closing credits roll.  ", "mv_title Lucky (2017)  mv_title  Lucky is a bittersweet meditation on mortality, punctuating the career of beloved character actor Harry Dean Stanton.  ", "mv_title God's Own Country (2017)  mv_title  A quiet, moving rumination on loneliness and newfound intimacy, God's Own Country marks an outstanding directorial debut for Francis Lee.  ", "mv_title Kedi (2016)  mv_title  Kedi is a cat fancier's dream, but this thoughtful, beautifully filmed look at Istanbul's street feline population offers absorbing viewing for filmgoers of any purr-suasion.  ", "mv_title A Ghost Story (2017)  mv_title  A Ghost Story deftly manages its ambitious themes through an inventive, artful, and ultimately poignant exploration of love and loss.  ", "mv_title It (2017)  mv_title  Well-acted and fiendishly frightening with an emotionally affecting story at its core, It amplifies the horror in Stephen King's classic story without losing touch with its heart.  ", "mv_title Your Name (2016)  mv_title  As beautifully animated as it is emotionally satisfying, Your Name adds another outstanding chapter to writer-director Makoto Shinkai's filmography.  ", "mv_title Jane (2017)  mv_title  Jane honors its subject's legacy with an absorbing, beautifully filmed, and overall enlightening look at her decades of invaluable work.  ", "mv_title Good Time (2017)  mv_title  A visual treat filled out by consistently stellar work from Robert Pattinson, Good Time is a singularly distinctive crime drama offering far more than the usual genre thrills.  ", "mv_title Columbus (2017)  mv_title  Wonderfully acted and artfully composed, Columbus balances the clean lines of architecture against the messiness of love, with tenderly moving results.  ", "mv_title City of Ghosts (2017)  mv_title  City of Ghosts takes a hard-hitting, ground-level look at atrocities in a part of the world that may seem foreign to many viewers, but whose impact will be no less devastating.  ", "mv_title Dawson City: Frozen Time (2016)  mv_title  Dawson City: Frozen Time takes a patient look at the past through long-lost film footage that reveals much more than glimpses at life through the camera's lens.  ", "mv_title The Work (2017)  mv_title  The Work takes a gut-wrenching look at lives all too often written off as lost causes, persuasively arguing that growth and change can be waiting where we least expect it.  ", "mv_title Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (2016)  mv_title  Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds is a touching, bittersweet, and ultimately charming love story that serves as a poignantly effective tribute to the strangely complicated, uniquely resilient mother/daughter duo.  ", "mv_title After the Storm (2016)  mv_title  After the Storm crosses cultural lines to offer timeless observations about parental responsibilities, personal bonds, and the capacity for forgiveness.  ", "mv_title Truman (2015)  mv_title  Well-written, well-acted, and patiently crafted, Truman takes an affecting look at a long friendship separated by distance but undimmed by time.  ", "mv_title Strong Island (2017)  mv_title  Strong Island uses one family's heartbreaking tragedy to offer a sobering picture of racial injustice in modern America.  ", "mv_title Whose Streets? (2017)  mv_title  Whose Streets? takes a close-up look at the civil unrest that erupted after a shocking act of violence in Ferguson, Missouri - and the decades of simmering tension leading up to it.  ", "mv_title My Journey Through French Cinema (2016)  mv_title  Bertrand Tavernier is an engaging guide through this Journey Through French Cinema, curating a revelatory tour through his homeland's film history with a personal touch that will delight movie fans and the culturally curious alike.  ", "mv_title John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017)  mv_title  John Wick: Chapter 2 does what a sequel should - which in this case means doubling down on the non-stop, thrillingly choreographed action that made its predecessor so much fun.  ", "mv_title Menashe (2017)  mv_title  Menashe offers an intriguing look at a culture whose unfamiliarity to many viewers will be rendered irrelevant by the story's universally affecting themes and thoughtful approach.  ", "mv_title Graduation (2016)  mv_title  Graduation marks yet another well-written and powerfully acted look at morality and societal decay from writer-director Cristian Mungiu.  ", "mv_title Quest (2017)  mv_title  Simultaneously sweeping and intimate, Quest uses one family's experiences to offer thoughtful, wide-ranging observations about modern American life.  ", "mv_title Step (2017)  mv_title  Step tells an irresistibly crowd-pleasing story in a thoroughly absorbing way - and while smartly incorporating a variety of timely themes.  ", "mv_title Raw (2016)  mv_title  Raw's lurid violence and sexuality live up to its title, but they're anchored with an immersive atmosphere and deep symbolism that linger long after the provocative visuals fade.  ", "mv_title Dina (2017)  mv_title  Dina presents a clear-eyed and uncommonly detailed view of one couple's relationship, offering insights as broadly illuminating as they are compassionate.  ", "mv_title The Happiest Day in the Life of Olli Mäki (2016)  mv_title No review", "mv_title The Red Turtle (2016)  mv_title  The Red Turtle adds to Studio Ghibli's estimable legacy with a beautifully animated effort whose deceptively simple story boasts narrative layers as richly absorbing as its lovely visuals.  ", "mv_title The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) (2017)  mv_title  The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) observes the family dynamic through writer-director Noah Baumbach's bittersweet lens and the impressive efforts of a remarkable cast.  ", "mv_title In This Corner of the World (2016)  mv_title No review", "mv_title I, Daniel Blake (2016)  mv_title  I, Daniel Blake marks yet another well-told chapter in director Ken Loach's powerfully populist filmography.  ", "mv_title Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story (2017)  mv_title  Inspiring and tragic, Bombshell is a bittersweet celebration and reclamation of Hedy Lemarr's journey from Hollywood legend to technology genius.  ", "mv_title Ex Libris: The New York Public Library (2017)  mv_title  Ex Libris: The New York Public Library adds another remarkable chapter to documentarian Frederick Wiseman's career-long quest for observational excellence.  ", "mv_title 1945 (2017)  mv_title  1945 sifts through the aftermath of the Holocaust to offer a sober, well-crafted look at a variety of weighty themes.  ", "mv_title A Quiet Passion (2016)  mv_title  A Quiet Passion offers a finely detailed portrait of a life whose placid passage may not have been inherently cinematic, but is made more affecting by Cynthia Nixon's strong performance.  ", "mv_title Félicité (2017)  mv_title  Félicité depicts a culture and a setting unfamiliar to many viewers, but its themes - and Véro Tshanda Beya Mputu's performance - transcend borders.  ", "mv_title The Last Laugh (2016)  mv_title  The Last Laugh takes a fresh - and unexpectedly funny - approach to sensitive subject matter, uncovering affecting insights about the nature of comedy along the way.  ", "mv_title Dolores (2017)  mv_title  Compelling and corrective, Dolores unearths overlooked history to spotlight one of activism's most powerful - and often forgotten - voices, Dolores Huerta.  ", "mv_title Jeune femme (2017)  mv_title No review", "mv_title The Breadwinner (2017)  mv_title  The Breadwinner's stunning visuals are matched by a story that dares to confront sobering real-life issues with uncommon - and richly rewarding - honesty.  ", "mv_title The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography (2016)  mv_title  The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography offers an intriguing glimpse at a distinctive artist's work that's as warmly engaging as its subject.  ", "mv_title Thelma (2017)  mv_title  Thelma plays with genre tropes in unexpected ways, delivering a thoughtfully twisty supernatural thriller with a lingering impact.  ", "mv_title Wind River (2017)  mv_title  Wind River lures viewers into a character-driven mystery with smart writing, a strong cast, and a skillfully rendered setting that delivers the bitter chill promised by its title.  ", "mv_title Battle of the Sexes (2017)  mv_title  Battle of the Sexes turns real-life events into a crowd-pleasing, well-acted dramedy that ably entertains while smartly serving up a volley of present-day parallels.  ", "mv_title Girls Trip (2017)  mv_title  Girls Trip is the rare R-rated comedy that pushes boundaries to truly comedic effect - and anchors its laughs in compelling characters brought to life by a brilliantly assembled cast.  ", "mv_title Stronger (2017)  mv_title  Stronger rises on the power of its well-chosen ensemble to offer an emotionally resonant fact-based story that transcends inspirational drama clichés.  ", "mv_title It Comes at Night (2017)  mv_title  It Comes at Night makes lethally effective use of its bare-bones trappings while proving once again that what's left unseen can be just as horrifying as anything on the screen.  ", "mv_title I Called Him Morgan (2016)  mv_title  I Called Him Morgan doubles as a seductive tribute to its subject's jazz passion as well as an absorbing look at a fatally doomed relationship.  ", "mv_title Darkest Hour (2017)  mv_title  Darkest Hour is held together by Gary Oldman's electrifying performance, which brings Winston Churchill to life even when the movie's narrative falters.  ", "mv_title 20th Century Women (2016)  mv_title  20th Century Women offers Annette Bening a too-rare opportunity to shine in a leading role - and marks another assured step forward for writer-director Mike Mills.  ", "mv_title American Made (2017)  mv_title  American Made's fast-and-loose attitude with its real-life story mirrors the cavalier - and delightfully watchable - energy Tom Cruise gives off in the leading role.  ", "mv_title Trophy (2017)  mv_title  Trophy offers a thought-provoking look at big-game hunting that should challenge, trouble, and enrage viewers regardless of their personal perspective.  ", "mv_title The Lost City of Z (2016)  mv_title  The Lost City of Z's stately pace and visual grandeur hearken back to classic exploration epics, and Charlie Hunnam turns in a masterful performance as its complex protagonist.  ", "mv_title A Monster Calls (2016)  mv_title  A Monster Calls deftly balances dark themes and fantastical elements to deliver an engrossing and uncommonly moving entry in the crowded coming-of-age genre.  ", "mv_title The Women's Balcony (2016)  mv_title  With rich characters and a thoughtful approach to timely themes, The Women's Balcony tackles complicated subjects with intelligence, compassion, and wit.  ", "mv_title The Survivalist (2015)  mv_title  The Survivalist's deliberate pace pays gripping dividends with a tautly told post-apocalyptic drama that offers some uniquely thought-provoking twists.  ", "mv_title Their Finest (2016)  mv_title  Carried along by a winning performance from Gemma Arterton, Their Finest smoothly combines comedy and wartime drama to crowd-pleasing effect.  ", "mv_title Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (2016)  mv_title  Citizen Jane: Battle for the City offers a compelling overview of an influential activist's importance - and underscores why the spirit of her work remains crucial today.  ", "mv_title Frantz (2016)  mv_title  Frantz finds writer-director François Ozon thoughtfully probing the aftermath of World War I through the memories and relationships of loved ones left behind.  ", "mv_title The Other Side of Hope (2017)  mv_title  Writer-director Aki Kaurismäki further sharpens his craft with The Other Side of Hope, offering a timely drama whose melancholy air is leavened by its empathy.  ", "mv_title Princess Cyd (2017)  mv_title  Princess Cyd defies coming-of-age convention to offer a sweetly understated - yet deeply resonant - look at pivotal relationships.  ", "mv_title Lady Macbeth (2016)  mv_title  Lady Macbeth flashes some surprising toughness beneath its period exterior, bolstered by a mesmerizing - and unforgiving - central performance by Florence Pugh.  ", "mv_title Land of Mine (2015)  mv_title  Land of Mine uses an oft-forgotten chapter from the aftermath of World War II to tell a hard-hitting story whose period setting belies its timeless observations about bloodshed and forgiveness.  ", "mv_title Okja (2017)  mv_title  Okja sees Bong Joon-ho continuing to create defiantly eclectic entertainment - and still hitting more than enough of his narrative targets in the midst of a tricky tonal juggling act.  ", "mv_title Gook (2017)  mv_title  From its confrontational title to its striking cinematography, this raw cinematic gem uncompromisingly proves writer/director/actor Justin Chon is a filmmaker to watch.  ", "mv_title Human Flow (2017)  mv_title  Epic in scope yet clear-eyed and intimate, Human Flow offers a singularly expansive - and sobering - perspective on the global refugee crisis.  ", "mv_title Abacus: Small Enough to Jail (2016)  mv_title  Abacus: Small Enough to Jail transcends its less-than-dramatic trappings to present a gripping real-life legal thriller with far-reaching implications.  ", "mv_title School Life (2017)  mv_title  School Life offers a warm-hearted glimpse of an educational institution that may leave audiences as inspired as the students.  ", "mv_title All This Panic (2016)  mv_title  All This Panic offers an unvarnished look at the lives of young American women whose less compelling moments are more than balanced out by documentarian Jenny Gage's empathetic approach.  ", "mv_title Silence (2016)  mv_title  Silence ends Martin Scorsese's decades-long creative quest with a thoughtful, emotionally resonant look at spirituality and human nature that stands among the director's finest works.  ", "mv_title Maudie (2016)  mv_title  Maudie's talented cast - particularly Sally Hawkins in the title role - breathe much-needed depth into a story that only skims the surface of a fascinating life and talent.  ", "mv_title Endless Poetry (2016)  mv_title  Endless Poetry extends writer-director Alejandro Jodorowsky's singular filmography with another joyously surreal, visually vibrant viewing experience.  ", "mv_title Detroit (2017)  mv_title  Detroit delivers a gut-wrenching - and essential - dramatization of a tragic chapter from America's past that draws distressing parallels to the present.  ", "mv_title Obit. (2016)  mv_title  Obit shines an entertaining - and overdue - spotlight on an engaging group of people whose singular craft is too often taken for granted.  ", "mv_title Black Panther (2018)  mv_title  Black Panther elevates superhero cinema to thrilling new heights while telling one of the MCU's most absorbing stories - and introducing some of its most fully realized characters.  ", "mv_title Mission: Impossible - Fallout (2018)  mv_title  Fast, sleek, and fun, Mission: Impossible - Fallout lives up to the impossible part of its name by setting yet another high mark for insane set pieces in a franchise full of them.  ", "mv_title BlacKkKlansman (2018)  mv_title  BlacKkKlansman uses history to offer bitingly trenchant commentary on current events - and brings out some of Spike Lee's hardest-hitting work in decades along the way.  ", "mv_title Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018)  mv_title  Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse matches bold storytelling with striking animation for a purely enjoyable adventure with heart, humor, and plenty of superhero action.  ", "mv_title A Star Is Born (2018)  mv_title  With appealing leads, deft direction, and an affecting love story, A Star Is Born is a remake done right - and a reminder that some stories can be just as effective in the retelling.  ", "mv_title A Quiet Place (2018)  mv_title  A Quiet Place artfully plays on elemental fears with a ruthlessly intelligent creature feature that's as original as it is scary - and establishes director John Krasinski as a rising talent.  ", "mv_title Eighth Grade (2018)  mv_title  Eighth Grade takes a look at its titular time period that offers a rare and resounding ring of truth while heralding breakthroughs for writer-director Bo Burnham and captivating star Elsie Fisher.  ", "mv_title Roma (2018)  mv_title  Roma finds writer-director Alfonso Cuarón in complete, enthralling command of his visual craft - and telling the most powerfully personal story of his career.  ", "mv_title Can You Ever Forgive Me? (2018)  mv_title  Deftly directed and laced with dark wit, Can You Ever Forgive Me? proves a compelling showcase for deeply affecting work from Richard E. Grant and Melissa McCarthy.  ", "mv_title The Favourite (2018)  mv_title  The Favourite sees Yorgos Lanthimos balancing a period setting against rich, timely subtext - and getting roundly stellar performances from his well-chosen stars.  ", "mv_title Paddington 2 (2017)  mv_title  Paddington 2 honors its star's rich legacy with a sweet-natured sequel whose adorable visuals are matched by a story perfectly balanced between heartwarming family fare and purely enjoyable all-ages adventure.  ", "mv_title Leave No Trace (2018)  mv_title  Leave No Trace takes an effectively low-key approach to a potentially sensationalistic story - and further benefits from brilliant work by Ben Foster and Thomasin McKenzie.  ", "mv_title Incredibles 2 (2018)  mv_title  Incredibles 2 reunites Pixar's family crimefighting team for a long-awaited follow-up that may not quite live up to the original, but comes close enough to earn its name.  ", "mv_title Call Me by Your Name (2017)  mv_title  Call Me by Your Name offers a melancholy, powerfully affecting portrait of first love, empathetically acted by Timothée Chalamet and Armie Hammer.  ", "mv_title Widows (2018)  mv_title  Widows rounds up a stellar ensemble for a heist thriller that mixes popcorn entertainment with a message - and marks another artistic leap for director Steve McQueen.  ", "mv_title Shoplifters (2018)  mv_title  Understated yet ultimately deeply affecting, Shoplifters adds another powerful chapter to director Hirokazu Koreeda's richly humanistic filmography.  ", "mv_title Won't You Be My Neighbor? (2018)  mv_title  Won't You Be My Neighbor? takes a fittingly patient and honest look at the life and legacy of a television pioneer whose work has enriched generations.  ", "mv_title First Man (2018)  mv_title  First Man uses a personal focus to fuel a look back at a pivotal moment in human history - and takes audiences on a soaring dramatic journey along the way.  ", "mv_title Crazy Rich Asians (2018)  mv_title  With a terrific cast and a surfeit of visual razzle dazzle, Crazy Rich Asians takes a satisfying step forward for screen representation while deftly drawing inspiration from the classic - and still effective - rom-com formula.  ", "mv_title I, Tonya (2017)  mv_title  Led by strong work from Margot Robbie and Alison Janney, I, Tonya finds the humor in its real-life story without losing sight of its more tragic - and emotionally resonant - elements.  ", "mv_title The Hate U Give (2018)  mv_title  Led by a breakout turn from Amandla Stenberg, the hard-hitting The Hate U Give emphatically proves the YA genre has room for much more than magic and romance.  ", "mv_title Phantom Thread (2017)  mv_title  Phantom Thread's finely woven narrative is filled out nicely by humor, intoxicating romantic tension, and yet another impressively committed performance from Daniel Day-Lewis.  ", "mv_title Sorry to Bother You (2018)  mv_title  Fearlessly ambitious, scathingly funny, and thoroughly original, Sorry to Bother You loudly heralds the arrival of a fresh filmmaking talent in writer-director Boots Riley.  ", "mv_title Avengers: Infinity War (2018)  mv_title  Avengers: Infinity War ably juggles a dizzying array of MCU heroes in the fight against their gravest threat yet, and the result is a thrilling, emotionally resonant blockbuster that (mostly) realizes its gargantuan ambitions.  ", "mv_title Ant-Man and The Wasp (2018)  mv_title  A lighter, brighter superhero movie powered by the effortless charisma of Paul Rudd and Evangeline Lilly, Ant-Man and The Wasp offers a much-needed MCU palate cleanser.  ", "mv_title Isle of Dogs (2018)  mv_title  The beautifully stop-motion animated Isle of Dogs finds Wes Anderson at his detail-oriented best while telling one of the director's most winsomely charming stories.  ", "mv_title The Post (2017)  mv_title  The Post's period setting belies its bitingly timely themes, brought compellingly to life by director Steven Spielberg and an outstanding ensemble cast.  ", "mv_title Hereditary (2018)  mv_title  Hereditary uses its classic setup as the framework for a harrowing, uncommonly unsettling horror film whose cold touch lingers long beyond the closing credits.  ", "mv_title The Death of Stalin (2017)  mv_title  The Death of Stalin finds director/co-writer Arnando Iannucci in riotous form, bringing his scabrous political humor to bear on a chapter in history with painfully timely parallels.  ", "mv_title Minding the Gap (2018)  mv_title  Minding the Gap draws on more than a decade of documentary footage to assemble a poignant picture of young American lives that resonates far beyond its onscreen subjects.  ", "mv_title Three Identical Strangers (2018)  mv_title  Surreal and surprising, Three Identical Strangers effectively questions the nature of reality and identity.  ", "mv_title The Old Man & the Gun (2018)  mv_title  A well-told story brought to life by a beautifully matched cast, The Old Man & the Gun is pure, easygoing entertainment for film fans - and a fitting farewell to a legend.  ", "mv_title The Rider (2017)  mv_title  The Rider's hard-hitting drama is only made more effective through writer-director Chloé Zhao's use of untrained actors to tell the movie's fact-based tale.  ", "mv_title McQueen (2018)  mv_title  McQueen offers an intimate, well-sourced, and overall moving look at a young life and brilliant career that were tragically cut short.  ", "mv_title Summer 1993 (2017)  mv_title  Summer 1993 (Estiu 1993) finds writer-director Carla Simón drawing on personal memories to create a thoughtful drama elevated by outstanding work from its young leads.  ", "mv_title A Fantastic Woman (2017)  mv_title  Subtle and tender, A Fantastic Woman handles its timely, sensitive subject matter with care.  ", "mv_title First Reformed (2017)  mv_title  Brought to life by delicate work from writer-director Paul Schrader and elevated by a standout performance by Ethan Hawke, First Reformed takes a sensitive and suspenseful look at weighty themes.  ", "mv_title Free Solo (2018)  mv_title  Free Solo depicts athletic feats that many viewers will find beyond reason - and grounds the attempts in passions that are all but universal.  ", "mv_title Burning (2018)  mv_title  Burning patiently lures audiences into a slow-burning character study that ultimately rewards the viewer's patience - and subverts many of their expectations.  ", "mv_title Searching (2018)  mv_title  Searching's timely premise and original execution are further bolstered by well-rounded characters brought to life by a talented cast.  ", "mv_title Loveless (2017)  mv_title  Loveless uses its riveting portrait of a family in crisis to offer thought-provoking commentary on modern life in Russia - and the world beyond its borders.  ", "mv_title Cold War (2018)  mv_title  With a brilliantly stark visual aesthetic to match its lean narrative, Cold War doesn't waste a moment of its brief running time - and doesn't skimp on its bittersweet emotional impact.  ", "mv_title Deadpool 2 (2018)  mv_title  Though it threatens to buckle under the weight of its meta gags, Deadpool 2 is a gory, gleeful lampoon of the superhero genre buoyed by Ryan Reynolds' undeniable charm.  ", "mv_title Shirkers (2018)  mv_title  Shirkers uses one woman's interrogation of a pivotal personal disappointment to offer affecting observations on creativity, lost opportunity, and coming to terms with the past.  ", "mv_title Border (2018)  mv_title  Thrilling, unpredictable, and brilliantly acted, Border (Gräns) offers a singular treat to genre fans looking for something different.  ", "mv_title Wildlife (2018)  mv_title  Wildlife's portrait of a family in crisis is beautifully composed by director Paul Dano - and brought brilliantly to life by a career-best performance from Carey Mulligan.  ", "mv_title Annihilation (2018)  mv_title  Annihilation backs up its sci-fi visual wonders and visceral genre thrills with an impressively ambitious - and surprisingly strange - exploration of challenging themes that should leave audiences pondering long after the end credits roll.  ", "mv_title The Tale (2018)  mv_title  The Tale handles its extraordinarily challenging subject matter with sensitivity, grace, and the power of some standout performances led by a remarkable Laura Dern.  ", "mv_title The Guilty (2018)  mv_title  Sleek, well-acted, and intelligently crafted, The Guilty is a high-concept thriller that wrings maximum impact out of a handful of basic - and effective - ingredients.  ", "mv_title Bumblebee (2018)  mv_title  Bumblebee proves it's possible to bring fun and a sense of wonder back to a bloated blockbuster franchise - and sets up its own slate of sequels in the bargain.  ", "mv_title Hannah Gadsby: Nanette (2018)  mv_title  Hannah Gadsby: Nanette brilliantly moves modern comedy into nakedly honest new territory, pivoting from dry humor to raw, powerful storytelling.  ", "mv_title Nothing Like a Dame (2018)  mv_title  Tea with the Dames proves there's plenty of entertainment value to be found in rounding up a quartet of screen legends for a chat - and is likely to leave audiences wishing these stars would keep brewing up pots for an ongoing series.  ", "mv_title You Were Never Really Here (2017)  mv_title  Bracingly elevated by a typically committed lead performance from Joaquin Phoenix, You Were Never Really Here confirms writer-director Lynne Ramsay as one of modern cinema's most unique - and uncompromising - voices.  ", "mv_title Blindspotting (2018)  mv_title  As timely as it is overall impactful, Blindspotting blends buddy comedy with seething social commentary, and rises on the strength of Daveed Diggs' powerful performance.  ", "mv_title Love, Simon (2018)  mv_title  Love, Simon hits its coming-of-age beats more deftly than many entries in this well-traveled genre - and represents an overdue, if not entirely successful, milestone of inclusion.  ", "mv_title Custody (2017)  mv_title  Custody uses formal restraint - and a series of searing performances - to take a hard-hitting look at the often painful bond between parents and children.  ", "mv_title Mandy (2018)  mv_title  Mandy's gonzo violence is fueled by a gripping performance by Nicolas Cage - and anchored with palpable emotion conveyed between his volcanic outbursts.  ", "mv_title RBG (2018)  mv_title  RBG might be preaching to the choir of viewers who admire Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg, but it does so effectively.  ", "mv_title Zama (2017)  mv_title  Zama offers a series of scathingly insightful observations about colonialism and class dynamics - and satisfyingly ends a long wait between projects from writer-director Lucrecia Martel.  ", "mv_title Bar Bahar (2016)  mv_title  In Between takes a light yet nuanced approach to dramatizing complex, timely themes, further enriched by outstanding cinematography and powerful performances.  ", "mv_title The Cakemaker (2017)  mv_title  The Cakemaker explores all-consuming emotion with beguiling restraint, adding up to a delicately understated character study fueled by the power of love.  ", "mv_title Ralph Breaks the Internet (2018)  mv_title  Ralph Breaks the Internet levels up on its predecessor with a funny, heartwarming sequel that expands its colorful universe while focusing on core characters and relationships.  ", "mv_title Science Fair (2018)  mv_title  Science Fair offers further proof that real-life academic competition can make for effortlessly entertaining - and ultimately uplifting - cinema.  ", "mv_title Foxtrot (2017)  mv_title  Foxtrot uses topical themes to deliver a bruising sociopolitical statement that's equally effective taken simply as an absorbing, well-acted drama.  ", "mv_title Oh Lucy! (2017)  mv_title  Oh Lucy! roots its narrative quirks in universal themes and deep empathy for its characters, all brought to life by strong performances from a talented cast led by the thoroughly charming Shinobu Terajima.  ", "mv_title Sweet Country (2017)  mv_title  Sweet Country makes brilliant use of the Australian outback as the setting for a hard-hitting story that satisfies as a character study as well as a sociopolitical statement.  ", "mv_title Night Comes On (2018)  mv_title  Steadily drawing viewers into its harrowing tale with equal parts grim intensity and startling compassion, Night Comes On heralds the arrivals of debuting director Jordan Spiro and her magnetic young stars.  ", "mv_title Hale County This Morning, This Evening (2018)  mv_title  Intimate in scope yet thematically expansive, Hale County This Morning, This Evening draws extraordinary insights out of seemingly ordinary moments.  ", "mv_title Ryuichi Sakamoto: Coda (2017)  mv_title  Ryuichi Sakamoto: Coda takes a thoughtful look at the composer's life and legacy that should prove affecting and illuminating for novices as well as longtime fans.  ", "mv_title Rodents of Unusual Size (2017)  mv_title  Rodents of Unusual Size approaches a variety of timely and thought-provoking subjects from fresh angles - and a lot of surprisingly large creatures in the bargain.  ", "mv_title Pick of the Litter (2018)  mv_title  Pick of the Litter has all the fluffy adorableness audiences expect from a puppy documentary, along with a story that's as edifying as it is heartwarming.  ", "mv_title Marlina the Murderer in Four Acts (2017)  mv_title  Subversive, gorgeously shot, and suitably visceral, Marlina the Murderer in Four Acts injects timely feminist themes into a neo-western grindhouse framework.  ", "mv_title Tully (2018)  mv_title  Tully delves into the modern parenthood experience with an admirably deft blend of humor and raw honesty, brought to life by an outstanding performance by Charlize Theron.  ", "mv_title Leaning Into the Wind: Andy Goldsworthy (2017)  mv_title  Leaning Into the Wind offers an alluring introduction to a brilliant artist's utterly original life and work.  ", "mv_title Thunder Road (2018)  mv_title  Thunder Road deftly balances emotionally affecting drama against bruising comedy - and serves as an outstanding calling card for writer-director-star Jim Cummings.  ", "mv_title The Ballad of Buster Scruggs (2018)  mv_title  The Ballad of Buster Scruggs avoids anthology pitfalls with a consistent collection tied together by the Coen brothers' signature blend of dark drama and black humor.  ", "mv_title I Am Not a Witch (2017)  mv_title  I Am Not a Witch approaches real-life injustices with a beguiling blend of sorrow, anger, and humor, marking debuting writer-director Rungano Nyoni as an exciting new talent.  ", "mv_title Western (2017)  mv_title  Western earns the viewer's attention with an unpredictable, patiently told tale that evokes the spirit of the titular genre while adding its own unique touches.  ", "mv_title Hearts Beat Loud (2018)  mv_title  Thoroughly sweet, comfortably familiar, and elevated by the chemistry between Nick Offerman and Kiersey Clemons, Hearts Beat Loud offers feel-good father-daughter drama.  ", "mv_title Blaze (2018)  mv_title  As lyrical and bittersweet as the music its subject left behind, Blaze takes a decidedly unconventional - yet richly rewarding - approach to the musical biopic.  ", "mv_title To All the Boys I've Loved Before (2018)  mv_title  To All the Boys I've Loved Before plays by the teen rom-com rules, but relatable characters and a thoroughly charming cast more than make up for a lack of surprises.  ", "mv_title Revenge (2017)  mv_title  Revenge slices and dices genre tropes, working within an exploitation framework while adding a timely - yet never less than viscerally thrilling - feminist spin.  ", "mv_title Filmworker (2017)  mv_title  Filmworker offers long-overdue recognition to one of Stanley Kubrick's key collaborators while opening an often troubling window into the director's demanding work.  ", "mv_title Beast (2017)  mv_title  Beast plays like bleak poetry, unfurling its psychological thrills while guided by its captivating leads and mesmerizing, visceral visuals.  ", "mv_title Lean on Pete (2017)  mv_title  Lean on Pete avoids mawkish melodrama, offering an empathetic yet clear-eyed portrayal of a young man at a crossroads that confirms Charley Plummer as a major talent.  ", "mv_title On Her Shoulders (2018)  mv_title  On Her Shoulders traces one woman's incredible journey to offer an inside look at modern political advocacy - and a challenge to viewers yearning to effect their own change.  ", "mv_title The Wolf House (2018)  mv_title  Surreal, unsettling, and finally haunting, The Wolf House is a stunning outpouring of creativity whose striking visuals queasily complement its disturbing story.  ", "mv_title 1985 (2018)  mv_title  1985 pays tribute to a generation of lost lives with a powerfully made look at how HIV and the social attitudes surrounding homosexuality affect one man's choices.  ", "mv_title Dark Money (2018)  mv_title  Dark Money does an impressive job of tackling a complicated subject in easily understandable - and, for many viewers, utterly enraging - terms.  ", "mv_title Good Manners (2017)  mv_title  Good Manners adroitly juggles disparate tonal shifts while taking a uniquely smart and sensitive look at female relationships.  ", "mv_title Support the Girls (2018)  mv_title  Support the Girls handles serious themes with wit and humor, and provides a strong showcase for Regina Hall and a talented ensemble cast.  ", "mv_title Capernaum (2018)  mv_title  Capernaum hits hard, but rewards viewers with a smart, compassionate, and ultimately stirring picture of lives in the balance.  ", "mv_title The Endless (2017)  mv_title  The Endless benefits from its grounded approach to an increasingly bizarre story, elevated by believable performances by filmmakers Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead.  ", "mv_title American Animals (2018)  mv_title  American Animals tangles with a number of weighty themes, but never at the expense of delivering a queasily compelling true crime thriller.  ", "mv_title Private Life (2018)  mv_title  Private Life uses one couple's bumpy journey to take an affecting look at an easily identifiable - and too rarely dramatized - rite of adult passage.  ", "mv_title Cam (2018)  mv_title  Smart and suspenseful, CAM is a techno-thriller that's far more than the sum of its salacious parts - and an outstanding showcase for Madeline Brewer in the leading role.  ", "mv_title Teen Titans GO! to the Movies (2018)  mv_title  Teen Titans Go! To the Movies distills the enduring appeal of its colorful characters into a charmingly light-hearted adventure whose wacky humor fuels its infectious fun - and belies a surprising level of intelligence.  ", "mv_title Creed II (2018)  mv_title  Creed II's adherence to franchise formula adds up to a sequel with few true surprises, but its time-tested generational themes still pack a solid punch.  ", "mv_title Colette (2018)  mv_title  Formally familiar but a brilliant match for its lead, Colette is a thoroughly entertaining biopic and an overdue testament to Keira Knightley's underrated gifts.  ", "mv_title Outside In (2017)  mv_title  Brilliantly brought to life by tenderly empathetic performances from Jay Duplass and Edie Falco, Outside In tells a sobering - yet thoroughly absorbing - story.  ", "mv_title Parasite (2019)  mv_title  An urgent, brilliantly layered look at timely social themes, Parasite finds writer-director Bong Joon Ho in near-total command of his craft.  ", "mv_title Avengers: Endgame (2019)  mv_title  Exciting, entertaining, and emotionally impactful, Avengers: Endgame does whatever it takes to deliver a satisfying finale to Marvel's epic Infinity Saga.  ", "mv_title Knives Out (2019)  mv_title  Knives Out sharpens old murder-mystery tropes with a keenly assembled suspense outing that makes brilliant use of writer-director Rian Johnson's stellar ensemble.  ", "mv_title Us (2019)  mv_title  With Jordan Peele's second inventive, ambitious horror film, we have seen how to beat the sophomore jinx, and it is Us.  ", "mv_title Toy Story 4 (2019)  mv_title  Heartwarming, funny, and beautifully animated, Toy Story 4 manages the unlikely feat of extending - and perhaps concluding - a practically perfect animated saga.  ", "mv_title The Irishman (2019)  mv_title  An epic gangster drama that earns its extended runtime, The Irishman finds Martin Scorsese revisiting familiar themes to poignant, funny, and profound effect.  ", "mv_title Little Women (2019)  mv_title  With a stellar cast and a smart, sensitive retelling of its classic source material, Greta Gerwig's Little Women proves some stories truly are timeless.  ", "mv_title The Farewell (2019)  mv_title  The Farewell deftly captures complicated family dynamics with a poignant, well-acted drama that marries cultural specificity with universally relatable themes.  ", "mv_title Booksmart (2019)  mv_title  Fast-paced, funny, and fresh, Booksmart does the seemingly impossible by adding a smart new spin to the coming-of-age comedy.  ", "mv_title A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood (2019)  mv_title  Much like the beloved TV personality that inspired it, A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood offers a powerfully affecting message about acceptance and understanding.  ", "mv_title Marriage Story (2019)  mv_title  Observing a splintering union with compassion and expansive grace, the powerfully acted Marriage Story ranks among writer-director Noah Baumbach's best works.  ", "mv_title If Beale Street Could Talk (2018)  mv_title  If Beale Street Could Talk honors its source material with a beautifully filmed adaptation that finds director Barry Jenkins further strengthening his visual and narrative craft.  ", "mv_title Once Upon a Time... In Hollywood (2019)  mv_title  Thrillingly unrestrained yet solidly crafted, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood tempers Tarantino's provocative impulses with the clarity of a mature filmmaker's vision.  ", "mv_title Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019)  mv_title  A breezily unpredictable blend of teen romance and superhero action, Spider-Man: Far from Home stylishly sets the stage for the next era of the MCU.  ", "mv_title Pain and Glory (2019)  mv_title  Pain and Glory finds writer-director Pedro Almodóvar drawing on his own life to rewarding effect - and honoring his craft as only a master filmmaker can.  ", "mv_title Shazam! (2019)  mv_title  An effortlessly entertaining blend of humor and heart, Shazam! is a superhero movie that never forgets the genre's real power: joyous wish fulfillment.  ", "mv_title Ford v Ferrari (2019)  mv_title  Ford v Ferrari delivers all the polished auto action audiences will expect - and balances it with enough gripping human drama to satisfy non-racing enthusiasts.  ", "mv_title Dolemite Is My Name (2019)  mv_title  In dramatizing Rudy Ray Moore's stranger-than-fiction story, Eddie Murphy makes Dolemite Is My Name just as bold, brash, and ultimately hard to resist as its subject.  ", "mv_title The Lighthouse (2019)  mv_title  A gripping story brilliantly filmed and led by a pair of powerhouse performances, The Lighthouse further establishes Robert Eggers as a filmmaker of exceptional talent.  ", "mv_title Apollo 11 (2019)  mv_title  Edifying and inspiring in equal measure, Apollo 11 uses artfully repurposed archival footage to send audiences soaring back to a pivotal time in American history.  ", "mv_title Rocketman (2019)  mv_title  It's going to be a long, long time before a rock biopic manages to capture the highs and lows of an artist's life like Rocketman.  ", "mv_title Uncut Gems (2019)  mv_title  Uncut Gems reaffirms the Safdies as masters of anxiety-inducing cinema - and proves Adam Sandler remains a formidable dramatic actor when given the right material.  ", "mv_title Amazing Grace (2018)  mv_title  Brilliantly capturing a remarkable performer near the peak of her prodigious power, Amazing Grace is a thrilling must-watch documentary for Aretha Franklin fans.  ", "mv_title Ash Is Purest White (2018)  mv_title  Ash Is Purest White finds writer-director Zhangke Jia revisiting familiar themes while continuing to observe modern Chinese society with an urgent, empathetic eye.  ", "mv_title They Shall Not Grow Old (2018)  mv_title  An impressive technical achievement with a walloping emotional impact, They Shall Not Grow Old pays brilliant cinematic tribute to the sacrifice of a generation.  ", "mv_title Honeyland (2019)  mv_title  Honeyland uses life in a remote village to offer an eye-opening perspective on experiences that should resonate even for audiences halfway around the world.  ", "mv_title John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (2019)  mv_title  John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum reloads for another hard-hitting round of the brilliantly choreographed, over-the-top action that fans of the franchise demand.  ", "mv_title The Peanut Butter Falcon (2019)  mv_title  A feelgood adventure brought to life by outstanding performances, The Peanut Butter Falcon finds rich modern resonance in classic American fiction.  ", "mv_title Honey Boy (2019)  mv_title  Honey Boy serves as an act of cinematic therapy for its screenwriter and subject - one whose unique perspective should strike a chord in audiences from all backgrounds.  ", "mv_title Fighting With My Family (2019)  mv_title  Much like the sport it celebrates, Fighting with My Family muscles past clichés with a potent blend of energy and committed acting that should leave audiences cheering.  ", "mv_title One Cut of the Dead (2017)  mv_title  Brainy and bloody in equal measure, One Cut of the Dead reanimates the moribund zombie genre with a refreshing blend of formal daring and clever satire.  ", "mv_title Knock Down the House (2019)  mv_title  A galvanizing glimpse behind the scenes of a pivotal election, Knock Down the House should prove engrossing for viewers of all political persuasions.  ", "mv_title Birds of Passage (2018)  mv_title  Birds of Passage traces the familiar arc of the drug crime thriller from a different direction that's as visually absorbing as it is hard-hitting.  ", "mv_title Captain Marvel (2019)  mv_title  Packed with action, humor, and visual thrills, Captain Marvel introduces the MCU's latest hero with an origin story that makes effective use of the franchise's signature formula.  ", "mv_title For Sama (2019)  mv_title  As intimate as it is heartbreakingly resonant, For Sama powerfully distills the difficult choices faced by citizens of war-torn regions.  ", "mv_title Maiden (2018)  mv_title  Enthralling viewing even for audiences with little to no knowledge of or interest in sailing, Maiden pays powerful tribute to a true pioneer.  ", "mv_title Hustlers (2019)  mv_title  Led by a career-best performance from Jennifer Lopez, Hustlers is a uniquely empowering heist drama with depth and intelligence to match its striking visual appeal.  ", "mv_title One Child Nation (2019)  mv_title  As illuminating as it is accessible, One Child Nation probes a painful chapter in Chinese history with piercing clarity.  ", "mv_title 3 Faces (2018)  mv_title  Observational, insightful, and ultimately powerful, 3 Faces adds another quietly thought-provoking chapter to writer-director Jafar Panahi's filmography.  ", "mv_title Woman at War (2018)  mv_title  Treating its timely themes with a deceptively light touch, Woman at War is easy to enjoy in the moment, yet its impact lingers long after the closing credits roll.  ", "mv_title How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World (2019)  mv_title  The rare trilogy capper that really works, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World brings its saga to a visually dazzling and emotionally affecting conclusion.  ", "mv_title First Love (2019)  mv_title  First Love's blend of violence, comedy, and romance might seem disparate - but for director Takashi Miike, it's just another wildly entertaining entry in a filmography full of them.  ", "mv_title Chained for Life (2018)  mv_title  Darkly funny and impressively ambitious, Chained for Life is as unpredictable as it is original.  ", "mv_title The Chambermaid (2018)  mv_title  The Chambermaid uses one woman's experiences to take audiences inside a life - and a culture - that's as bracingly unique as it is hauntingly relatable.  ", "mv_title Tigers Are Not Afraid (2017)  mv_title  Tigers Are Not Afraid draws on childhood trauma for a story that deftly blends magical fantasy and hard-hitting realism - and leaves a lingering impact.  ", "mv_title Ready or Not (2019)  mv_title  Smart, subversive, and darkly funny, Ready or Not is a crowd-pleasing horror film with giddily entertaining bite.  ", "mv_title Transit (2018)  mv_title  Transit lives up to its title with a challenging drama that captures characters - and puts the audience - in a state of flux and exerts an unsettling pull.  ", "mv_title Stan & Ollie (2018)  mv_title  Stan & Ollie pays tribute to a pair of beloved entertainers with an affectionate look behind the scenes - and a moving look at the burdens and blessings of a creative bond.  ", "mv_title Midnight Traveler (2019)  mv_title  Midnight Traveler puts a harrowing personal face on the modern refugee crisis, driving home the heartbreakingly relatable odysseys of the displaced.  ", "mv_title Mickey and the Bear (2019)  mv_title  Brought to life by a breakout performance by Camila Morrone, Mickey and the Bear finds affecting drama at the crossroads of a young woman's coming-of-age journey.  ", "mv_title White Riot (2019)  mv_title  Raw and energetic like the music that inspired the 1970s political movement, White Riot offers invaluable insight into how music can change the world - and how Rock Against Racism still resonates.  ", "mv_title Deadwood: The Movie (2019)  mv_title  A triumphant coda to a beloved series, Deadwood: The Movie will satisfy fans longing for a little f--ing closure.  ", "mv_title Varda by Agnès (2019)  mv_title  An encomium that should prove illuminating for casual viewers and satisfying for fans, Varda by Agnès finds a brilliant filmmaker looking back on her own terms.  ", "mv_title Hail Satan? (2019)  mv_title  Hail Satan? challenges preconceived notions of its subject with a smart, witty, and overall entertaining dispatch from the front lines of the fight for social justice.  ", "mv_title Scream, Queen! My Nightmare on Elm Street (2019)  mv_title  Scream, Queen! My Nightmare on Elm Street compassionately draws on an actor's personal journey to offer a compelling and illuminating reexamination of the franchise's first sequel.  ", "mv_title The Heiresses (2018)  mv_title  Led by a standout performance from Ana Brun, The Heiresses takes a thoroughly compelling look at lives little explored by mainstream cinema.  ", "mv_title Toni Morrison: The Pieces I Am (2019)  mv_title  Toni Morrison: The Pieces I Am honors its acclaimed subject with a comprehensive, illuminating, and fittingly profound overview of her life and work.  ", "mv_title The Last Black Man in San Francisco (2019)  mv_title  An affecting story powerfully told, The Last Black Man in San Francisco immediately establishes director Joe Talbot as a filmmaker to watch.  ", "mv_title Midsommar (2019)  mv_title  Ambitious, impressively crafted, and above all unsettling, Midsommar further proves writer-director Ari Aster is a horror auteur to be reckoned with.  ", "mv_title The Mustang (2019)  mv_title  The Mustang finds fresh perspectives in a familiar redemption tale brought brilliantly to life by powerful performances from Bruce Dern and Matthias Schoenaerts.  ", "mv_title Blinded by the Light (2019)  mv_title  Like a life-affirming rock anthem, Blinded by the Light hits familiar chords with confidence and flair, building to a conclusion that leaves audiences cheering for an encore.  ", "mv_title Wild Rose (2018)  mv_title  There's no shortage of star-is-born stories, but Wild Rose proves they can still be thoroughly entertaining - and marks its own transcendent moment for lead Jessie Buckley.  ", "mv_title Bad Education (2019)  mv_title  Anchored by an outstanding Hugh Jackman, Bad Education finds absurd laughs - and a worthy message - in the aftermath of a real-life scandal.  ", "mv_title Ad Astra (2019)  mv_title  Ad Astra takes a visually thrilling journey through the vast reaches of space while charting an ambitious course for the heart of the bond between parent and child.  ", "mv_title 63 Up (2019)  mv_title  63 Up continues a groundbreaking documentary series with another gently eye-opening look at the human experience.  ", "mv_title Homecoming: A Film by Beyoncé (2019)  mv_title  Beychella forever.  ", "mv_title Too Late to Die Young (2018)  mv_title  Too Late to Die Young uses one family's experiences as the foundation for a dreamily absorbing drama with a poignant, lingering warmth.  ", "mv_title Gloria Bell (2018)  mv_title  Free of visual or narrative embellishments, Gloria Bell rests almost completely on Julianne Moore's performance in the title role - and she's gloriously up to the task.  ", "mv_title By the Grace of God (2018)  mv_title  Patient in its approach yet stirring in its conviction, By the Grace of God draws soberly gripping cinema from real-life horror.  ", "mv_title Midnight Family (2019)  mv_title  As narratively urgent as it is technically well-crafted, Midnight Family offers an enthralling and disquieting glimpse of healthcare in modern Mexico.  ", "mv_title Buñuel in the Labyrinth of the Turtles (2018)  mv_title  Thrillingly imaginative and appropriately surreal, Buñuel and the Labyrinth of the Turtles open an alluringly dreamlike window into the life of a brilliant artist.  ", "mv_title Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles (2019)  mv_title  Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles takes a delightfully engaging look at the history of a beloved musical and its deep cultural impact.  ", "mv_title American Factory (2019)  mv_title  American Factory takes a thoughtful - and troubling - look at the dynamic between workers and employers in the 21st-century globalized economy.  ", "mv_title Dirty God (2019)  mv_title  As powerfully acted as it is sensitively told, Dirty God offers a timely story delivered with empathy and deeply affecting grace.  ", "mv_title Making Waves: The Art of Cinematic Sound (2019)  mv_title  Making Waves: The Art of Cinematic Sound pays an all-too-rare tribute to an aspect of filmmaking that's utterly fascinating but often overlooked.  ", "mv_title Working Woman (2018)  mv_title  Working Woman delivers its timely message with a polemical force that hits hard without overpowering the engrossing story.  ", "mv_title I'm No Longer Here (2019)  mv_title  I'm No Longer Here's occasionally uneven narrative is more than offset by its honest and visually poetic approach to themes of identity and assimilation.  ", "mv_title The Cave (2019)  mv_title  A hard-hitting documentary with imagery as powerful as its message, The Cave poses heartbreakingly urgent questions - and leaves them for the viewer to answer.  ", "mv_title The Kingmaker (2019)  mv_title  The Kingmaker aims a disquieting spotlight at the private life of a divisive public figure - as well as the ways in which unchecked power seduces and corrupts.  ", "mv_title Harpoon (2019)  mv_title  A B-movie with an A-level commitment to entertain, Harpoon should hit the target with horror fans in the mood for gory, darkly humorous antics on the open water.  ", "mv_title Love, Antosha (2019)  mv_title  Using raw materials left behind by its subject, Love, Antosha takes a thoughtful - and powerful - look at a life and career cut short.  ", "mv_title I Lost My Body (2019)  mv_title  Beautifully animated and utterly unique, I Lost My Body takes audiences on a singularly strange journey whose unexpected contours lead to a wholly satisfying destination.  ", "mv_title Jojo Rabbit (2019)  mv_title  Jojo Rabbit's blend of irreverent humor and serious ideas definitely won't be to everyone's taste - but either way, this anti-hate satire is audacious to a fault.  ", "mv_title Little Woods (2018)  mv_title  Led by standout work from Tessa Thompson, Little Woods tells a grimly absorbing tale that marks a commendable debut for writer-director Nia DaCosta.  ", "mv_title Dark Waters (2019)  mv_title  Dark Waters powerfully relays a real-life tale of infuriating malfeasance, honoring the victims and laying blame squarely at the feet of the perpetrators.  ", "mv_title The Two Popes (2019)  mv_title  Led by outstanding performances from its well-matched leads, The Two Popes draws absorbing drama from a pivotal moment in modern organized religion.  ", "mv_title Mike Wallace Is Here (2019)  mv_title  As solidly compelling as its subject's best reporting, Mike Wallace Is Here is a worthy tribute and an engrossing look at the changing landscape of modern news.  ", "mv_title Ray & Liz (2018)  mv_title  Ray & Liz takes an unflinching look at lives impacted by poverty whose lingering impact is enhanced by writer-director Richard Billingham's refusal to indulge in sentimentality.  ", "mv_title Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blaché (2018)  mv_title  Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blaché aims an overdue spotlight on a cinematic innovator's career, with the added benefit of absorbing historical context.  ", "mv_title Monos (2019)  mv_title  As visually splendid as it is thought-provoking, Monos takes an unsettling look at human nature whose grim insights leave a lingering impact.  ", "mv_title Clemency (2019)  mv_title  Clemency mines serious social issues for gripping drama, brought to life by an outstanding cast led by Alfre Woodard.  ", "mv_title Shadow (2018)  mv_title  Beautifully filmed and inventively choreographed, Shadow is a thrilling and visually sumptuous wuxia epic that finds director Zhang Yimou near peak form.  ", "mv_title Rojo (2018)  mv_title  A pitch-black thriller with uncommon wit and sophistication, Rojo tells a story as rich and evocative as the deepest shade of its title color.  ", "mv_title In Fabric (2018)  mv_title  In Fabric's gauzy giallo allure weaves a surreal spell, blending stylish horror and dark comedy to offer audiences a captivating treat.  ", "mv_title An Elephant Sitting Still (2018)  mv_title  A remarkable debut that sadly serves as its creator's epitaph, An Elephant Sitting Still offers an uncompromisingly grim yet poignant portrait of life in modern China.  ", "mv_title The Mortuary Collection (2019)  mv_title  The rare anthology that maintains a consistently high level of quality, The Mortuary Collection is a must-see undertaking for horror fans.  ", "mv_title Citizen K (2019)  mv_title  Citizen K sees documentarian Alex Gibney training his sights on post-Soviet Russia, with engrossing - and unsettling - results.  ", "mv_title The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part (2019)  mv_title  While it isn't quite as much fun as its predecessor, The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part fits neatly into an animated all-ages franchise with heart and humor to spare.  ", "mv_title The Wild Pear Tree (2018)  mv_title  The Wild Pear Tree uses a young man's post-graduation experience to pose thoughtful, engaging questions about life in modern Turkey - and the rest of the world.  ", "mv_title Portrait of a Lady on Fire (2019)  mv_title  A singularly rich period piece, Portrait of a Lady on Fire finds stirring, thought-provoking drama within a powerfully acted romance.  ", "mv_title One Night in Miami (2020)  mv_title  A hauntingly powerful reflection on larger-than-life figures, One Night in Miami finds Regina King in command of her craft in her feature directorial debut.  ", "mv_title Ma Rainey's Black Bottom (2020)  mv_title  Framed by a pair of powerhouse performances, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom pays affectionate tribute to a blues legend - and Black culture at large.  ", "mv_title 1917 (2019)  mv_title  Hard-hitting, immersive, and an impressive technical achievement, 1917 captures the trench warfare of World War I with raw, startling immediacy.  ", "mv_title Soul (2020)  mv_title  A film as beautiful to contemplate as it is to behold, Soul proves Pixar's power to deliver outstanding all-ages entertainment remains undimmed.  ", "mv_title The Invisible Man (2020)  mv_title  Smart, well-acted, and above all scary, The Invisible Man proves that sometimes, the classic source material for a fresh reboot can be hiding in plain sight.  ", "mv_title Never Rarely Sometimes Always (2020)  mv_title  Powerfully acted and directed, Never Rarely Sometimes Always reaffirms writer-director Eliza Hittman as a filmmaker of uncommon sensitivity and grace.  ", "mv_title Minari (2020)  mv_title  Led by arresting performances from Steven Yeun and Yeri Han, Minari offers an intimate and heart-wrenching portrait of family and assimilation in 1980s America.  ", "mv_title Hamilton (2020)  mv_title  Look around, look around at how beautifully Hamilton shines beyond Broadway - and at how marvelously Thomas Kail captures the stage show's infectious energy.  ", "mv_title Promising Young Woman (2020)  mv_title  A boldly provocative, timely thriller, Promising Young Woman is an auspicious feature debut for writer-director Emerald Fennell - and a career highlight for Carey Mulligan.  ", "mv_title Sound of Metal (2019)  mv_title  An evocative look at the experiences of the deaf community, Sound of Metal is brought to life by Riz Ahmed's passionate performance.  ", "mv_title Wolfwalkers (2020)  mv_title  A mesmerizing Celtic-inspired adventure, Wolfwalkers offers an epic ethereal fantasy matched by profound philosophies and stellar voice work.  ", "mv_title Da 5 Bloods (2020)  mv_title  Fierce energy and ambition course through Da 5 Bloods, coming together to fuel one of Spike Lee's most urgent and impactful films.  ", "mv_title Miss Juneteenth (2020)  mv_title  Like a pageant winner walking across the stage, Miss Juneteenth follows a familiar path - but does so with charm and grace.  ", "mv_title His House (2020)  mv_title  Featuring genuine scares through every corridor, His House is a terrifying look at the specters of the refugee experience and a stunning feature debut for Remi Weekes.  ", "mv_title The Trial of the Chicago 7 (2020)  mv_title  An actors' showcase enlivened by its topical fact-based story, The Trial of the Chicago 7 plays squarely - and compellingly - to Aaron Sorkin's strengths.  ", "mv_title 76 Days (2020)  mv_title  A raw, fly-on-the-wall recounting of hospital life in Wuhan in the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic, 76 Days is an engrossing and potent documentary - and a surprisingly comforting portrait of humanity.  ", "mv_title Crip Camp (2020)  mv_title  As entertaining as it is inspiring, Crip Camp uses one group's remarkable story to highlight hope for the future and the power of community.  ", "mv_title Palm Springs (2020)  mv_title  Strong performances, assured direction, and a refreshingly original concept make Palm Springs a romcom that's easy to fall in love with.  ", "mv_title Dick Johnson Is Dead (2020)  mv_title  Dick Johnson Is Dead celebrates a life with bittersweet humor and grace, offering a deeply resonant perspective on mortality in the bargain.  ", "mv_title David Byrne's American Utopia (2020)  mv_title  Helmed in elegant and exhilarating style by Spike Lee, David Byrne's American Utopia is a concert film that doubles as a joyously cathartic celebration.  ", "mv_title Collective (2019)  mv_title  Collective presents a darkly effective overview of the cycle of political corruption and public cynicism that takes hold when government abrogates its responsibility to the people.  ", "mv_title Host (2020)  mv_title  Lean, suspenseful, and scary, Host uses its timely premise to deliver a nastily effective treat for horror enthusiasts.  ", "mv_title The Forty-Year-Old Version (2020)  mv_title  The Forty-Year-Old Version opens a compelling window into the ebbs and flows of the artist's life - and announces writer-director-star Radha Blank as a major filmmaking talent with her feature debut.  ", "mv_title Onward (2020)  mv_title  It may suffer in comparison to Pixar's classics, but Onward makes effective use of the studio's formula - and stands on its own merits as a funny, heartwarming, dazzlingly animated adventure.  ", "mv_title Totally Under Control (2020)  mv_title  Totally Under Control does a commendable job of distilling current events into a clear-eyed overview that's as engaging as it is enraging.  ", "mv_title Blow the Man Down (2019)  mv_title  Clever, funny, and original, Blow the Man Down is a cinematic journey that's not to be missed.  ", "mv_title Saint Frances (2019)  mv_title  Saint Frances approaches an array of weighty issues with empathy, humor, and grace - and marks star and writer Kelly O'Sullivan as a tremendous talent to watch.  ", "mv_title The Personal History of David Copperfield (2019)  mv_title  The Personal History of David Copperfield puts a fresh, funny, and utterly charming spin on Dickens' classic, proving some stories truly are timeless.  ", "mv_title The Vast of Night (2019)  mv_title  An engrossing sci-fi thriller that transcends its period trappings, The Vast of Night suggests great things for debuting director Andrew Patterson.  ", "mv_title Time (2020)  mv_title  Time delivers a powerful broadside against the flaws of the American justice system - and chronicles one family's refusal to give up against all odds.  ", "mv_title Driveways (2019)  mv_title  Understated yet powerful, Driveways is a character study anchored in fundamental decency - and a poignant farewell to Brian Dennehy.  ", "mv_title Welcome to Chechnya (2020)  mv_title  An illuminating and urgent call to action, Welcome to Chechnya portrays the horrors of the mass persecution of the LGBTQ+ community in the Chechen Republic with tenacity and tenderness.  ", "mv_title All In: The Fight for Democracy (2020)  mv_title  All In: The Fight for Democracy lives up to its title as a galvanizing rallying cry for voters to exercise - and preserve - their right to be heard.  ", "mv_title First Cow (2019)  mv_title  First Cow finds director Kelly Reichardt revisiting territory and themes that will be familiar to fans of her previous work - with typically rewarding results.  ", "mv_title Mucho Mucho Amor: The Legend of Walter Mercado (2020)  mv_title  An absorbing and affectionate tribute to a unique individual, Mucho Mucho Amor should prove fascinating for Walter Mercado fans as well as first-timers.  ", "mv_title The Assistant (2019)  mv_title  Led by a powerhouse performance from Julia Garner, The Assistant offers a withering critique of workplace harassment and systemic oppression.  ", "mv_title Possessor: Uncut (2020)  mv_title  Further refining his provocative vision, writer-director Brandon Cronenberg uses Possessor's potentially over-the-top premise as a delivery mechanism for stylishly disturbing thrills.  ", "mv_title City Hall (2020)  mv_title  A glimpse of local government at work that's as patiently observant as it is engrossing, City Hall adds another insightful gem to master documentarian Frederick Wiseman's filmography.  ", "mv_title Athlete A (2020)  mv_title  Harrowing yet essential viewing, Athlete A shines an unforgiving light on horrific abuses - as well as the culture that allowed them to continue unabated for years.  ", "mv_title Corpus Christi (2019)  mv_title  Led by an impressive performance from Bartosz Bielenia, Corpus Christi thoughtfully and engagingly examines questions of faith and redemption.  ", "mv_title Relic (2020)  mv_title  Relic ratchets up its slowly building tension in an expertly crafted atmosphere of dread, adding up to an outstanding feature debut for director/co-writer Natalie Erika James.  ", "mv_title Extra Ordinary (2019)  mv_title  A horror/rom-com hybrid that somehow manages to blend its ingredients without losing their flavor, Extra Ordinary more than lives up to its title.  ", "mv_title On the Record (2020)  mv_title  On the Record uses harrowing first-person accounts to powerfully and persuasively confront the entrenched sexism of an industry and its culture.  ", "mv_title Slay the Dragon (2019)  mv_title  Slay the Dragon takes a suitably outraged - but ultimately optimistic - look at modern-day gerrymandering that doubles as a heartfelt call to action.  ", "mv_title Night of the Kings (2020)  mv_title  A restless and riveting fable, Night of Kings sees writer-director Philippe Lacôte in full command of his craft.  ", "mv_title House of Hummingbird (2018)  mv_title  A striking debut for writer-director Kim Bora, House of Hummingbird delicately captures a turning point in one young woman's life.  ", "mv_title Rewind (2019)  mv_title  Rewind pulls at the roots of a family's horrific trauma with a deeply personal documentary that's hard to watch, but worth the effort.  ", "mv_title A Secret Love (2020)  mv_title  In telling one couple's story, A Secret Love pays understated yet powerful tribute to a lifetime of choices and sacrifices made in the name of enduring devotion.  ", "mv_title The Truffle Hunters (2020)  mv_title  The Truffle Hunters explores a world most viewers will know nothing about - with delightfully savory results.  ", "mv_title Coded Bias (2020)  mv_title  Clear, concise, and comprehensive, Coded Bias offers a chilling look at largely unseen side effects of modern society's algorithmic underpinnings.  ", "mv_title Make Up (2019)  mv_title  Make Up gets under the skin during its eerily unsettling descent into jealousy and paranoia - and leaves the viewer wanting more from writer-director Claire Oakley.  ", "mv_title Coup 53 (2019)  mv_title  Rife with the political intrigue promised by its title, Coup 53 is a spellbinding documentary with the heart of a thriller.  ", "mv_title Flee (2021)  mv_title  Depicting the refugee experience through vivid animation, Flee pushes the boundaries of documentary filmmaking to present a moving memoir of self-discovery.  ", "mv_title Mayor (2020)  mv_title  A clear-eyed look at an extraordinary subject, Mayor makes essential viewing out of one politician's quest to preserve dignity in the midst of bureaucracy.  ", "mv_title Mystify: Michael Hutchence (2019)  mv_title  Engrossing for casual listeners as well as hardcore fans, Mystify: Michael Hutchence sheds a poignant light on a life and career cut short by tragedy.  ", "mv_title The Half of It (2020)  mv_title  For viewers in search of an uncommonly smart, tender, and funny coming-of-age story, The Half of It has everything.  ", "mv_title Farewell Amor (2020)  mv_title  A striking debut feature for writer-director Ekwa Msangi, Farewell Amor movingly captures the fallout from a long-separated family's reunion.  ", "mv_title The Fight (2020)  mv_title  The Fight takes an engaging look at some of the people working on the front lines for the ACLU - and makes a passionate case for the legal battles they wage.  ", "mv_title The Painter and the Thief (2020)  mv_title  The Painter and the Thief uses the unlikely bond between a criminal and his victim as the canvas for a compelling portrait of compassion and forgiveness.  ", "mv_title Beats (2019)  mv_title  Well-acted and enlivened by an evocative soundtrack and period detail, Beats draws timeless themes out of its specific story and setting.  ", "mv_title Babyteeth (2019)  mv_title  Powerfully acted and sensitively directed, Babyteeth offers audiences a coming-of-age story that's messier - and more rewarding - than most.  ", "mv_title Vitalina Varela (2019)  mv_title  Rigorous and beautifully composed, Vitalina Varela is a quietly absorbing drama whose placid surface belies hidden depths.  ", "mv_title Saint Maud (2019)  mv_title  A brilliantly unsettling blend of body horror and psychological thriller, Saint Maud marks an impressive debut for writer-director Rose Glass.  ", "mv_title La llorona (2019)  mv_title  La Llorona puts a fresh spin on the familiar legend by blending the supernatural and the political to resolutely chilling effect.  ", "mv_title Anything for Jackson (2020)  mv_title  A talented cast and fiendishly frightening premise combine to make Anything for Jackson a must-watch for fans of supernatural horror.  ", "mv_title Spontaneous (2020)  mv_title  A dark teen comedy with an explosive twist, Spontaneous reaffirms Katherine Langford as a rising star - and marks debuting director Brian Duffield as a filmmaker to watch.  ", "mv_title Circus of Books (2019)  mv_title  Like the cheekily named store at this documentary's center, Circus of Books proves there are countless stories below the surface if we're only willing to look.  ", "mv_title Boys State (2020)  mv_title  Startling, upsetting, and overall absorbing, Boys State strikingly depicts American political divisions - and machinations - taking root in the next generation.  ", "mv_title Why Don't You Just Die! (Papa, sdokhni) (2018)  mv_title  As wickedly smart as it is energetic, Why Don't You Just Die! should satisfy audiences in the mood for a gore-soaked good time.  ", "mv_title Enola Holmes (2020)  mv_title  Enola Holmes brings a breath of fresh air to Baker Street - and leaves plenty of room for Millie Bobby Brown to put her effervescent stamp on a franchise in waiting.  ", "mv_title The Swerve (2018)  mv_title  Bound together by Azura Skye's riveting work in the central role, The Swerve paints a harrowing portrait of a life unmoored.  ", "mv_title Disclosure (2020)  mv_title  Disclosure engrossingly illuminates the history and effects of the way transgender lives are depicted onscreen - and outlines how much progress still needs to be made.  ", "mv_title The Dissident (2020)  mv_title  The Dissident offers little catharsis in its unflinching look at a grisly murder - and gives no quarter in its forceful reminder of the fragility of free speech.  ", "mv_title Fourteen (2019)  mv_title  Fourteen subtly establishes the bond between its main characters - and the way longtime friendships can erode by a matter of nearly invisible degrees.  ", "mv_title The Go-Go's (2020)  mv_title  Emulating the spirit of punk in form and function, The Go-Go's is a raucous celebration of the pioneering band and a stylistic knockout that will blow viewers' hair back.  ", "mv_title The Last Tree (2019)  mv_title  Distinctive in terms of content, perspective, and insight, The Last Tree vividly depicts the turmoil of adolescence with remarkable grace.  ", "mv_title Fireball: Visitors From Darker Worlds (2020)  mv_title  Much like the cosmic debris it investigates, Fireball: Visitors from Darker Worlds is made up of heavy stuff - but it lights up the screen thanks to Werner Herzog's infectious awe.  ", "mv_title Assassins (2020)  mv_title  A deft and illuminating journalistic investigation, Assassins depicts the mechanics of North Korean politics to a chilling effect.  ", "mv_title Another Round (2020)  mv_title  Take one part deftly directed tragicomedy, add a dash of Mads Mikkelsen in vintage form, and you've got Another Round - an intoxicating look at midlife crises.  ", "mv_title Rocks (2019)  mv_title  A fresh, funny coming-of-age story rooted in realistic characters and anchored with a meaningful message, Rocks is as solid as its title suggests.  ", "mv_title News of the World (2020)  mv_title  News of the World takes a slow but absorbing ride down a comfortingly familiar Western trail, guided by Tom Hanks in peak paternal mode.  ", "mv_title Feels Good Man (2020)  mv_title  A cautionary tale on internet culture, Feels Good Man is a compelling look at an artist's journey to salvage his creation.  ", "mv_title Nighthawk (2019)  mv_title  Formally thrilling and narratively daring, Bacurau draws on modern Brazilian sociopolitical concerns to deliver a hard-hitting, genre-blurring drama.  ", "mv_title The White Tiger (2021)  mv_title  Well-acted and beautifully made, The White Tiger distills the strengths of its source material into a grimly compelling drama.  ", "mv_title A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon (2019)  mv_title  A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon retains the charm of its small-screen source material while engagingly expanding the title character's world.  ", "mv_title On the Rocks (2020)  mv_title  On the Rocks isn't as potent as its top-shelf ingredients might suggest, but the end result still goes down easy - and offers high proof of Bill Murray's finely aged charm.  ", "mv_title Just Mercy (2019)  mv_title  Just Mercy dramatizes a real-life injustice with solid performances, a steady directorial hand, and enough urgency to overcome a certain degree of earnest advocacy.  ", "mv_title John Lewis: Good Trouble (2020)  mv_title  It's far more conventional than the life it honors, but John Lewis: Good Trouble remains a worthy tribute to an inspiring activist and public servant.  ", "mv_title A White, White Day (2019)  mv_title  A White, White Day plunges viewers into the darkness of grief and jealousy, led by Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson's brilliantly layered performance.  ", "mv_title Borat Subsequent Moviefilm (2020)  mv_title  Borat Subsequent Moviefilm proves Sacha Baron Cohen's comedic creation remains a sharp tool for exposing the most misguided - or utterly repugnant - corners of American culture.  ", "mv_title Yes, God, Yes (2019)  mv_title  Natalia Dyer's charming performance - and writer-director Karen Maine's sensitive work - will leave audiences saying Yes, God, Yes to this coming-of-age dramedy.  ", "mv_title Shithouse (2020)  mv_title  A disarmingly tender look at young adult ennui, this Shithouse don't stink.  ", "mv_title Blood on Her Name (2019)  mv_title  A satisfyingly dark noir elevated by stellar acting and a sharp screenplay, Blood on Her Name thrills in the moment and lingers in the memory.  ", "mv_title Shirley (2020)  mv_title  Elevated by outstanding work from Elisabeth Moss, Shirley pays tribute to its subject's pioneering legacy with a biopic that ignores the commonly accepted boundaries of the form.  ", "mv_title Kajillionaire (2020)  mv_title  Whether you see Kajillionaire as refreshingly unique or simply bizarre will depend on your cinematic adventurousness - and fans of writer-director Miranda July wouldn't have it any other way.  ", "mv_title Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) (2020)  mv_title  With a fresh perspective, some new friends, and loads of fast-paced action, Birds of Prey captures the colorfully anarchic spirit of Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn.  ", "mv_title Ordinary Love (2019)  mv_title  Led by strong performances from Lesley Manville and Liam Neeson, Ordinary Love wrings heartrending drama out of one couple's medical travails.  ", "mv_title The Bee Gees: How Can You Mend a Broken Heart (2020)  mv_title  Blessed with the Bee Gees' discography and director Frank Marshall's concise thesis, How Can You Mend a Broken Heart is a poignant documentary that persuasively argues the trio's importance in music history.  ", "mv_title Class Action Park (2020)  mv_title  Disturbing and thrilling in equal measure, Class Action Park is a raucous chronicle of the infamous waterpark that was as beloved as it was dangerous.  "]
